Re-organize repo, update docfx, merge MainSite (#363)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: docs/README.md

Author: uhm... Yeah, I suppose it would be _possible_ using a strategy [like this](https://stackoverflow.com/a/4591666/761468), but we'd have to use javascript on every page load to perform an http request for each version you're not looking at in order to change the href.

I'm not aware of any easier way to do it (maybe there's a way with docfx? I'm not enough of an expert with the templating to know). I'm not against logging a follow-up for later, but I don't think we want to try to figure it out in this PR

Author: H1 is 40px, H2 is 32px, I think the issue might be more the underlining than size.. how about this?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d67d0a7-f6e3-4559-bad8-f4fb4a2d353b)

Reviewer: Perhaps just add something like `?isApiJump=1` to the URL, then perform the redirect in the 404 handler instead of showing an error there?

Either way, I'm fine tracking this separately.

Reviewer: I used Firefox most of the time when taking screenshots, which may explain the alternate font.

Regarding headers, I think there are two issues:
- Spacing above/below the header text: space above it should be considerably more. For example, as described at https://imperavi.com/books/ui-typography/elements/headings:

    ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a892aeaa-2bb1-4291-ace5-9c51d43daf91)
- Font type, boldness, underlining and size: This looks more natural in docfx and the Microsoft docs. The new picture is a bit better, but I can't oversee how it affects other places.

Author: Logged #370

# Directory Contents

The directories below this one are used with [docfx](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx) to generate static HTML files that are served from the `/src/Steeltoe.io/wwwroot` directory.

| Path | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `/api` | Index pages for API Browser content |
| `/articles` | Blog posts |
| `/docs` | Steeltoe documentation |
| `/guides` | Guides for getting started with Steeltoe |
| `/modern-steeltoe` | Customized copy of the modern docfx template |

If you are working with API Browser content, view [this README](../build/README.md).

## Installing docfx

Install docfx by running `dotnet tool restore`, which installs tools defined in [dotnet-tools.json](../.config/dotnet-tools.json).

## docfx Markdown

docfx offers an enhanced flavor of Markdown. To see examples and learn more, view the [docfx Flavored Markdown](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html) documentation.

Visual Studio Code users may find the [Docs Authoring Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=docsmsft.docs-authoring-pack) extension pack useful.

### Links and Cross References

> Markdown files can contain a YAML header. Values in this header let you control page design, as well as set the page's `UID`. With this, you can create an `xref`, as well as use the `@` shorthand. For more information, see [Links and Cross References](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/links-and-cross-references.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown files can contain a YAML header. Values in this header let you control page design and set the page's `UID`. The `UID` can be used to create a reference to the page using an `xref`. The shorthand `@` syntax is not recommended, because broken links aren't reliably validated when used. The easiest way to reference other pages is to use Markdown syntax, for example: `[link title](../example.md#section-title)`.

For more information, see [Links and Cross References](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/links-and-cross-references.html).
```

## Creating a new blog post

Create a new `.md` file in the `articles` directory. Name the file something that is URL safe. In `/articles/index.md` add a shorthand link to the document as well as a short description.

Here is a starter blog post:

```markdown
---
title: My Very Authentic Blog Post Title
description: A short description of my topic. Maybe 2 sentences long.
date: 01/01/2000
uid: articles/my-very-authentic-blog-post-title
tags: [ "modernize", 'something else", "and another thing" ]
author.name: Joe Montana
author.github: jmontana
author.twitter: thebigguy
---

# My Very Authentic Blog Post Title

Let's talk about something really cool...
```

## Creating a new documentation page

Similar to the blog post, you're going to create a new markdown file, but in the `docs` folder. The name needs to be URL-safe. Notice in the docs folder, there is a `v2`, `v3` and `v4` subfolder. Within each of those are folders for each component. Place your content accordingly. To include the file in the table of contents, add it in `docs/(version)/toc.yml`. Notice in the example below that the `href` values are not absolute paths. DocFX will calculate everything at build time.

> An example API doc:

Author: AFAIK we didn't use them much because they're less natural/familiar than linking to a file by name. Guides are for using Steeltoe, I don't think we have (or want to create) any for contributor-level instruction, as it's generally not the same audience. 

I agree that Hystrix is a bad example, but its there for the syntax (not content), so I didn't feel it was worth spending time on

> An example API doc:

Reviewer: Yes, because it's about syntax, we should probably pick something neutral, similar to the one above it:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5c41b3da-75e3-4d3e-934c-fa50873030a2)

It needs to change anyway (see other discussion about `@` vs `xref`), so we may as well revise it.

I did some experiments; it turns out that we _can't_ use `xref` at all to reference something in API Browser. This is because:

1. The generated `xref`s aren't unique over versions
2. The `v*.xrefmap.yml` files don't get imported when `docfx build` runs, so any reference used is flagged as invalid.

We might be able to solve 1 with something similar to https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54442928/docfx-remove-namespace-prefix-in-api-reference-toc, but that's beyond the scope of this PR.

So, we _could_ still use `xref` to link between articles and API docs, but it requires that the declaring `xref` contains a version in docs. That works, but it is a pain when introducing a new Steeltoe version, because all `xref` declarations and references need to change. Therefore, I don't think we should start using it.

```markdown
---
uid: docs/v2/circuitbreaker/hystrix
---

# Netflix Hystrix

Steeltoe's Hystrix implementation lets application developers isolate and manage back-end dependencies so that a single failing dependency does not take down the entire application. This is accomplished by wrapping all calls to external dependencies in a `HystrixCommand`, which runs in its own...

> Here is an example cross-reference link to config docs: @docs/v2/configuration/cloud-foundry-provider

Reviewer: And convert the single file that uses them to regular syntax.

> Here is an example cross-reference link to config docs: @docs/v2/configuration/cloud-foundry-provider

Reviewer: I found the @ syntax is unreliable. There's fuzzy logic that tries to distinguish it from unrelated usage of the @ symbol. In practice, it means it won't report a broken link. What _does_ properly validate is the `<xref:Fully.Qualified.Type>` syntax. I've only tried it with API Browser-generated content, which automatically gets a UID assigned.

> Here is an example cross-reference link to config docs: @docs/v2/configuration/cloud-foundry-provider

Reviewer: As mentioned in the other discussion, `xref` to API Browser content doesn't work for Steeltoe, due to the versioning. And it becomes painful to maintain with versioned content.

I suggest replacing the single usage here with what we use elsewhere (`[title](link)`), and revisit the topic of `xref`s at a later time.
